hey guys welcome back to Matlock
storeroom reviews and today I have
another Marvel Universe figure this of
course is juggernaut you guys have all
seen this by now very popular Marvel
Universe figure very cool I'm glad they
actually put quite a few of these in
production doesn't seem like he's is
hard to get as everybody thought he was
going to be so that's pretty cool i
found you know probably 20 or 30 of
these guys very cool juggernaut a little
bio there a couple of the other figures
released and i still could not find that
archangel I've been looking non stop at
every store and haven't seen one I did
find the variant but I just haven't
found the regular one so anyways this
was released in 2010 by Hesburgh so
let's take a quick break and we'll get
him out of the package alright and we
were back with juggernaut first off he
comes with a figure stand but she really
doesn't need the bigger character is
usually don't you know they're pretty
pretty wide and heavy so they just stand
up pretty good but it's nicely at least
comes with one very cool this is number
14 it's got the Marvel logo there
chugging up pretty awesome he also comes
with a card like dressed up and this all
comes in the top secret folder whatever
cool it is mutant registration colored a
very awesome and also comes with just a
little top-secret paper or whatever it's
very awesome first off I just wanted to
do a size comparison got yellow jacket
here so let juggernauts pretty pretty
good size figure I mean he probably
could have been a you know a couple
inches taller an inch taller at least
but he's a pretty nice size and pretty
bulky
go over detail I'm really nicely
detailed you can see like all the scuff
marks and stuff on his helmet put a lot
of nice work into that and all the
rivets going on the side you see his
face under there very cool get some nice
muscle isn't everything nice detail on
his clothes it's got like a nice wash in
there which looks pretty cool it's very
nice really like this figure got all the
nice detail on the bottom of the boots
even so that's really cool i like when
they go that extra step just to show the
bottom of the feet and stuff so that's
really guys it's just a really good
figure all around i only have one
complaint you know size is okay with me
and the only complaint I have is the
helmet it is not removable if you take
it off it's just going to pop his head
off and there's really no sculpted head
in there it's just kind of a hunk of
plastic that shows his face so I mean
that's pretty pretty much a let down
right there which I knew it was before i
bought it but yeah they definitely it
wouldn't have been that hard just sculpt
the head and then you know place the
helmet on top or have interchangeable
heads or something but that's my only
complaint really cool figure other than
that articulation he just has a swivel
in the neck that's a Baldwin a shoulder
swivel at the bicep single girard elbow
and a nose swivel nerdist there it's
actually a swole at the top of that band
right there that's kind of weird then he
has a torso joints kind of schools
around doesn't really go up and down
very well there is no waste joint is
just kind of the ball jointed thighs
hips swivel let the upper thigh double
join Annie swivel at the top of the boot
back and forward pivot in the feet and
no side to side pivot and these cut
these armbands come off for some reason
it's kind of cool that they did that I
guess but really not necessary if you
ask me I think it looks cool
the bands on and me personally I didn't
have no reason to take them off but it's
cool that they give you that option say
a very cool figure great character they
have of course me personally I I always
liked the bulky characters and stuff
bulky figures so just about everyone i
pick up they're just they appeal to me
more it's like you get your money's
worth with it you know you get more
plastic and stuff yeah but uh anyways
that was the juggernaut thanks checking
them out